What is Go ?

Go is a programming language originally created in 2007 by Google.
Initially, it was intended to be an internal coding standard for the company’s own infrastructure
but after In 2009 it was released.


Go lang Creators:

Go’s creators are high-profile programmers
One of them, Ken Thompson, was the inventor of B, the language that came before C language
another one is Rob Pike,  was involved with the Unix team for a while and created the programming language Limbo.

Thompson and Pike also created UTF-8, which is the default encoding in XML and HTML. 
Put those guys together in a team, give them the manpower and knowledge of Google and they invented a new language which is called Go.


Go was born mainly to improve the concurrency that other existing languages like Python, Java or C/C++ were not able to handle correctly.

what is concurrency?
Concurrency mean a software can execute more than one task at the same time.


Although its official name is simply Go, it’s also called Golang.

Go is a lightweight, systems programming language designed with concurrency, scalability, and the web in mind


Reasons to learn Go (Golang)
1. It’s growing faster than any other language
    - Tiobe Index, a search-based ranking that gauges the popularity of top and emerging languages among developers.
    and according to Tiobe Go is the programming language of the year

    - 18% of freelancers voted Go as one of the programming languages that will become important in the near future 
    and so Go it became the 7th most voted language

    you can also find latest Tiobe index here:
    https://www.tiobe.com/tiobe-index/

2. Multicore usage
    - A CPU that offers multiple cores may perform significantly better than a single-core CPU of the same speed. 
      Multiple cores allow PCs to run multiple processes at the same time. And GO lang gives us power to run multiple threads on multiple core.

3. Concurrency
    - Concurrency is one of the best features of Go
    - Concurrency mean a software can execute more than one task at the same time.
    - // Go was built to support that with its Goroutines – thousands can be executed at a time. Additionally, channels allow them to synchronize with each other. 

    Go supports two concurrency models:
        1. Multi-threaded with shared memory: As its name indicates, the processes share memory space and variables.
        2. Communicating Sequential Processes (CSP): In this case, the processes have their own variables and communicate through messages (channels).

4. The code is easy to maintain

5. Trusted by larger companies
    - Firms like IBM, GitHub, Netflix, the Economist and the New York Times all use it. 
    And don’t forget Google still has it as part of theirs, too!
    Facebook and Amazon have gone with Go.
    Kubernate and Docker are being written in Go.

Go is popular because of its:
    Simplicity
    Performance
    Tools/Libraries/ and a big Community


you can find more reasons to learn Go on golang.org faq page:
https://golang.org/doc/faq